Improve texts (#25279)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/css_layout/grids/index.md

}
```

> You should have flexible tracks. The `fr` unit distributes space proportionally. You can specify different positive values for your tracks like so:

Author: ```suggestion
You now have flexible tracks. The `fr` unit distributes space proportionally. You can specify different positive values for your tracks like so:
```

}
```

> The first track gets `2fr` of the available space and the other two tracks get `1fr`, making the first track larger. 

Author: ```suggestion
The first track gets `2fr` of the available space and the other two tracks get `1fr`, making the first track larger.  
```

> The first track gets `2fr` of the available space and the other two tracks get `1fr`, making the first track larger.  

Author: ```suggestion
The first track gets `2fr` of the available space and the other two tracks get `1fr`, making the first track larger.
```

> The first track gets `2fr` of the available space and the other two tracks get `1fr`, making the first track larger.
> 
> You can mix `fr` units with fixed length units — in such a case the space needed for the fixed tracks is used up first; the remaining space is then distributed to the other tracks.

Author: ```suggestion
The first track gets `2fr` of the available space and the other two tracks get `1fr`, making the first track larger. You can mix `fr` units with fixed length units. In this case, the space needed for the fixed tracks is used up first before the remaining space is distributed to the other tracks.
```

> You can mix `fr` units with fixed length units — in such a case the space needed for the fixed tracks is used up first; the remaining space is then distributed to the other tracks.

Author: ```suggestion
You can mix `fr` units with fixed length units — in such a case the space needed for the fixed tracks is used up first; the remaining space is then distributed to the other tracks.  
```

### Gaps between tracks

To create gaps between tracks, we use the properties:

> - {{cssxref("column-gap")}} for gaps between columns

Author: ```suggestion

- {{cssxref("column-gap")}} for gaps between columns
```

### Gaps between tracks

To create gaps between tracks, we use the properties:

- {{cssxref("column-gap")}} for gaps between columns
- {{cssxref("row-gap")}} for gaps between rows

> - {{cssxref("gap")}} as a shorthand for both.

Author: ```suggestion
- {{cssxref("gap")}} as a shorthand for both
```

{{ EmbedLiveSample('Gaps_between_tracks', '100%', 400) }}

> > **Note:** The `gap` properties (`column-gap`, `row-gap` and `gap`) used to be prefixed by `grid-`. This has been changed in the spec but the prefixed versions will be maintained as an alias. To be on the safe side, you could double up and add both properties to make your code more bulletproof:

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `gap` properties (`column-gap`, `row-gap` and `gap`) used to be prefixed by `grid-`. The spec has changed but the prefixed versions will be maintained as an alias. To be on the safe side and make your code more bulletproof, you can add both properties:
```

### The implicit and explicit grid

> We've only specified column tracks so far, yet rows are being created to hold our content. This is an example of the _explicit_ versus the _implicit_ grid. 

Author: ```suggestion
We've only specified column tracks so far, yet rows are being created to hold our content. This is an example of the _explicit_ versus the _implicit_ grid.  
```

> The difference: 

Author: ```suggestion
The difference:  
```

> - Explicit grid: Created using `grid-template-columns` or `grid-template-rows`. 

Author: ```suggestion

- Explicit grid: Created using `grid-template-columns` or `grid-template-rows`.  
```

### The implicit and explicit grid

> We've only specified column tracks so far, yet rows are being created to hold our content. This is an example of the _explicit_ versus the _implicit_ grid.  

Author: ```suggestion
We've only specified column tracks so far, yet rows are being created to hold our content. This is an example of the _explicit_ versus the _implicit_ grid.
```

> The difference:

Author: ```suggestion
Difference between explicit and implicit grid:
```

> The difference:  

Author: ```suggestion
The difference:
```

> - Explicit grid: Created using `grid-template-columns` or `grid-template-rows`.  

Author: ```suggestion
- Explicit grid: Created using `grid-template-columns` or `grid-template-rows`.
```

> - Implicit grid: Extends the defined explicit grid when content is placed outside of that grid, such as into our rows by drawing additional grid lines.

Author: ```suggestion
- Implicit grid: Extends the defined explicit grid when content is placed outside of that grid, such as into our rows by drawing additional grid lines.
```
